Tell me about yourself?
I am ____. Currently working as system admin in _______ since 2 years. 
My daily responsibilities are based on servicenow tickets and assignments given by the lead.
Responsible for managing network and storage in azure.
Deploying and configuring virtual network and virtual machines using powershell.
Working on azure disk, azure resource monitoring.
Azure network experience like traffic manager and load balancer.
Experience in implementing CI/CD pipelines using terraform.
We mainly work on monitoring the infrastructure based on the servicenow ticketing tool and backup using azure recovery vault.

Questions:
1)  Difference b/w managed and unmanaged disk?
2)  Why is backup used? And when will we restore the backup?
3)  What is the backup retention period?
4)  What are backup agents?
5)  What is crash consistent backup?
Mindtree questions:
6)  What is IAAS, PAAS, SAAS? Give an example for each?
7)  If VM is not working, unable to sign in, how will you troubleshoot this issue?
8)  What are the types of backups?
9)  Explain the advantage of crash consistent and application consistent backup?
10) What is availability set and explain fault domain and update domain, why do we use them?
11) How can we achieve high availability of VM's?
12) How many ways can you provision the VM?
13) Scenario: You are alone in the shift. You're getting 10-15 incidents at a time, how will you prioritize them?
14) What type of storage do you use while provisioning the VM?
15) What is the difference managed disk and unmanaged disk?
16) What is the advantage of unmanaged disk?
17) How will you provision 100 VM's at a time using powershell script?
18) How will you provision 100 VM's out of 1000 in different virtual networks and remaining in same virtual network using powershell script?
19) Which one do you prefer out of crash consistence and application consistence backups?
20) What are the different types of storages?
21) What is a resource group? Why do we use it?
22) Explain the CI/CD implementation using terraform modules?
 
